{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 General\
\
Files Changed\
	AppController.h\
	AppController.m\
	ExtendedShowINformationConntroller.m\
	GetIPlayerArguments.h\
	GetIPlayerArguments.m\
	GIASearch.m\
	Programme.m\
\
New\
	GetITVListings.h\
	GetIVTListings.m\
	ITVHistoryWindowController,h\
	ITVHistoryWindowController.m\
	itvplugin (put back)\
\
Description\
Two new features added\
	\
	1) Re-enabled ITV PVR Functionality by independently creating the ITV.cache file needed by get-iplayer \
	2) Created new display that allows the user to see new programmes that have been found on ITV & BBC. \
\
\
1-ITV PVR\
\
New class in GetITVListings.m that is invoked by AppController in updateCache just before the regular get-iplayer index update occurs. GetITVListings runs as a separate  thread  alongside the get-iplayer update and a small progress indicator has been added to the right of the regular progress bar to show ITV progress. \
\
GetITVListings (GIL) uses 2 files: itvprogrammes.gia and history.gia to create the itv.cache file that get-iplayer used to create. Neither file needs to exist for the first run and likewise they can be deleted at any time in which case they will automatically be re-built.\
\
\
GIL operates by building a list of today's programmes from www.itv.com/shows, for each programme it can figure out latest version plus how many episodes are available. It then compares this to the programmes it found on the last run (which are loaded from itvlistings.gia) and determines which programmes have been added or have had episodes added, which programmes have remained unchanged and which programmes and or episodes have been deleted. For all programmes that are new or that have had multiple episode changed it also needs to load in the actual programme page from itv.com to get all of the individual episodes. \
\
The above merge process then outputs the new itvprogrammes.gia file (in effect the carried forward file), the itv.cach file which can be used by get-iplayer for the rest of GIA and finally a new file, history.gia, is appended to with details of new programmes that were found (this file is input in to feature 2 above)\
\
On first run GIL is quite slow as it has to visit the detailed episode page for every programme. However, once that first run is done, subsequent update are very quick as it is only need to figure out the delta since the last run. \
\
There is a new menu item that has been added (Force ITV Cache) that forces a full re-load in case it gets out of wack\
\
Final note; there is a 1 second sleep in between asking for each web page, I am not sure what the optimum value (if any) is to avoid hitting the ITV website too hard. seems to work fine with 1 second. \
\
A few changes to the main nib file have been made to support the new progress display.\
\
Main Files Changed\
	AppController.h - new fields added\
	AppController.m - As described above\
	ExtendedShowInformationController - popup to advise not available for ITV programmes (couldn't get all of the data)\
	typeArgumentForCacheUpdate - new arg 'includeITV' added determines whether the 'itv' argument is used as not needed when cache is being built (as now done by GIL) but needed all other times\
\
Added\
	GetITVListings.h\
	GetITVListings.m\
	itvplugin (put back)\
\
\
\
\
2-New Programme Display\
\
\
New display that can show all new programmes that have been found on a day by day basis. Software automatically culls it down to 3000 entries to keep it efficient.\
\
Display is invoked from the main menu bar, which is greyed out while either the BBC index or the ITV index is being update. Thereafter available at all times. \
\
It show a day by day account of new programmes that have been found; starting from today, and going backwards for about 1000 programmes.  Filter is available by BBC and ITV. Also on the main settings screen under the BBC tab there is a list of all of the many BBC channels. This is a further filter (ie. on the main screen you can have BBC on or OFF; on the settings you can select at BBC channel level)\
\
Data comes from the history.gia file mentioned above. There is also a new method at the end of AppController called updateBBCHistory called from AppCntrroller after both BBC and ITV indexes have been updated in getiPlayerUpdateFinished\
\
This new code compares today's tv.cache file with yesterday's  bbcprogrammes.gia file to figure out what is new and append it to the history.gia file. It then creates a new bbcprogrammes.gia file reflecting the current available programmes. \
\
In the event that the bbcprogrammes.gia file does not exist, a new one is created and all programmes on that day are considered new. \
\
Main files changes\
AppController - new UpdateBBCHistory method added plus code to invoke it\
\
New Files\
	ITVHistory.xib - new display\
	ITVHistoryWidowController.m/h controller for new screen\
\
\
Other Notes\
Had to add AppTransportSecuritySettings // AllowArbitoryLoads YES to main target properties to allow NSURL to work with none SSL links\
Also had to comment out the 2 scripts that are shown in get iplayer automator BUILD PHASES as i could not get it to build while they were enabled.\
Fixed a few very minor bugs affecting performance not functionality & also cleaned up a few un-used iboutlets \
\
I\
\
\
Items to address: September 5, 2016\

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
-------------------------------\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You broke quick caching. If ITV caching is selected in preferences, the Quick Caching option is ignored and BBC caches are always updated by reindexing programme listings from the iPlayer site.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed: updateCache: have isolated the clause that invokes the newITVListing so that it no longer interferes with the original logic flow that determines whether quick cache is to be used.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Force ITV Cache Update triggers a BBC cache update as well. That shouldn't happen. This also falls foul of the quick caching problem above.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Item 1: Fixed; have isolated forceITVCacheUpdate so that this cycle operates independently (forceITVUpdate & forceITVUpdateFinished)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Item 2: Fixed by virtue of item 1.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The state of the Force ITV Cache Update menu item is not linked to the ITV caching option in preferences. It is stuck in whatever the state is at startup.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed: The menu item will now enable/disable based on the state of the preference. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Force ITV Cache Update creates duplicates of ITV programmes in the new programmes list.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed: ForceITVCache will no longer update the new programme history\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You broke the build. Those shell scripts are in the build phases for a reason. I know you have to disable code signing to work on the code, but it is not acceptable to submit broken code intentionally, even if you note it in the PR comments.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Done: Have re-enabled both scripts that were previously disabled.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You ignore radio programmes in your new programmes list. You should ignore podcasts, but not radio. Users should be able to filter new programmes from BBC TV and radio separately.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Done: You can now view any mix of BBC/ITV or Radio from the new programmes display\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You should create a separate preferences panel for the new programme channel filters. The filters have nothing to do with BBC recording formats, and there isn't room for TV and radio in the current location, anyway. Radio filters should be available for the national stations (incl. digital-only), with an additional choice for regional stations and another choice for local radio. The "Ignore News" option should be available for radio as well.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Done: 'New Programmes' panel added to preferences and all filter moved to it. Filters added national, regional and local stations. Also filters added to include digital and ignore news as requested.  Note: used {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_BBC_radio_stations"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_BBC_radio_stations}} to figure out the regional stations list.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The "timeadded" column in itv.cache should not be the air date, but the date the listing was added to cache. Those numbers should be integers as well - they are UNIX timestamps. The values in the "available" column - which is the air date - should be in ISO8601 format, as they are for BBC programmes. That also makes them sortable for loading the new programmes list. The old itv plugin should have done that, but it was abandoned long ago before being partially resuscitated by GiA.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed: timeadded now reflects the time that the programme was added to cache in is represented in UNIX int format; also, air date format changed to ISO8601 as requested\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
get_iplayer cache files should be opened as UTF-8. There aren't a lot of non-ASCII chars, but you should display them appropriately in the new programmes list.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed - non ASCHII characters now show correctly\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You said in the PR comments that the new programmes list limit is 3000, but your code uses 30000 as the limit. Presumably a typo, but only you know for sure\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl420\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed: Should have been 3,000\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Also; Following on from the cache discussion i have modified GetITVListings so that it could be taken out of GIA and used as an independent cache file generator if required. To support this, I have unified all of the new programme display code so that it operates independently to the cache creation process. \
\
And added code to identify first run so that new programme history doesn't get loaded up with every programme on the first run\
\
\
Sept 25 - Feedback & resolution\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The earlier problems with ITV cache updating appear to have been fixed. A few very minor issues remain:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 In AppController.updateCache, remove the line where you set the progress display to "Updating BBC Indexes...". You don't know that any BBC updates will occur at that point.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Done\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 In AppController.itvUpdateFinished, set didUpdate = YES. Otherwise you can get a spurious "AppController: Index was Up-To-Date" log message generated in getiPlayerUpdateFinished if only ITV caching is configured (or forced).\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Done\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Change the "Force ITV Cache Update" menu item label to "Force ITV Cache Reset". That will match your warning dialog and is a better description of what happens when menu item is invoked.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Done\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The radio filter preferences still need a little bit of work. I presume you are not in the UK, so some of this may not be obvious to you. This is radio, so we have "stations", not "channels"\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed;\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Use the proper station names. You said you used Wikipedia for regional station names, but you appear to have ignored that list when it came to national stations. All of the checkbox labels are wrong.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Asian Network and World Service are both national stations, but only appear with local stations filter.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Fixed \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Remove the "Show Digital Channels" option and give each national station a separate checkbox. There are only 11, so there is enough space. All national stations are available via DAB anyway, so analog/digital distinction isn't really meaningful. Also, the way you implemented the digital stations filter (e.g., Radio 4 Extra won't appear unless Radio 4 is selected) won't make sense to BBC radio listeners. That might just be a bug, but still - get rid of this option altogether.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Done\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}\cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 After the above changes are complete, stop work on this PR. If {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/willson556"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b @willson556}} makes good on his intention to revive itv.plugin, your ITV caching code won't be used. It's not worth wasting any more of your time on ITV caching until that issue is decided.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}OK\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\'95	}\cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 You will eventually need to do a forced push onto this PR branch in order to reset it to contain only ITV caching code, so there is no point in adding anything beyond the items above for now.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl340\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}OK; please let me know when I should do that.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}